Describe peer discovery in ADR (#33)
lazyledger/optimint: docs/lazy-adr/adr-003-peer-discovery.md

# Peer Discovery

> Libp2p provide multiple ways to discover peers (DHT, mDNS). Currently there are no plans to support mDNS (as it's limited to local networks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Libp2p provides multiple ways to discover peers (DHT, mDNS). Currently there are no plans to support mDNS (as it's limited to local networks).
```
optionally: maybe add links to the particular peer discovery mechanisms.

> Libp2p provides multiple ways to discover peers (DHT, mDNS). Currently there are no plans to support mDNS (as it's limited to local networks).

Reviewer 2: Note: PEx in PubSub is also a way to discover peers

## Proposed network architecture
1. There will be a set of well-known, application-agnostic seed nodes. Every optimint client will be able to connect to such node, addresses will be saved in configuration.

>     * This does not limit applications which can create independent networks, with separate set of seed nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * This does not limit applications as they can still create independent networks with separate set of seed nodes.
```

2. Nodes in the network will serve DHT. It will be used for active peer discovery. Client of each ORU network will be able to find other peers in this particular network.

>     * All nodes will cooperate on the same DHT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Nodes of different ORU chains will cooperate on the same DHT.
```

Reviewer: Is this incorrect? "All nodes" is rather unspecific IMO.

>     * ChainID will be used to advertise that client works in given ORU network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * ChainID will be used to advertise that client participates in a particular ORU network.
```

3. Nodes from multiple networks will help with peer discovery (via single DHT).
4. After connecting to nodes found in DHT, GossipSub will handle peer lists for clients.

### Pros
* Shared DHT should make it easier to find peers.
* Use of existing libraries.

### Cons
* There may be some overhead for clients to handle DHT requests from other ORU networks.

> ## Alternatives

Reviewer 2: As an alternative we can also specify `discv5` from `geth`

Reviewer 2: Additionally, the alternative would be running an independent DHT network for each ORU

> 1. IPFS DHT for peer discovery.

Reviewer 2: We are using IPFS DHT technology already, so I think the alternative is confusing.

Reviewer 2: I suggest mentioning in `Proposed network architecture` that we are building a fully independent DHT network and joining public IPFS's one as an alternative.

> 2. Custom peer-exchange protocol.

Reviewer: It would be even better if we'd briefly list pros/cons for these too.
